Courses: Data visualization with python.
I’m a student from Bangladesh and want to learn Data Visualization with python. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship (3350Tk or about $40 per month). In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn Data  Science and AI with Python. I want to complete the Data Science. This Course will boost my job prospects after post graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Data analysis, Machine learning and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.
Course: Machine Learning
I’m a student from Bangladesh and want to learn Machine Learning. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship (3350Tk or about $40 per month). In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn Data  Science, ML and AI. I want to complete the Machine Learning course. This Course will boost my job prospects after post graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Data scientist, Machine learning engineer and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

Motivation Letter:
I’m a student from Bangladesh. I have just finished my B.Sc(Bachelor of Science) from Islamic University, Bangladesh. My major was Information & Communication Technology.
I am so much enthusiastic about new technology to learn. Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, Blockchain technology etcetera is my interested field. Actually I wasn’t enthusiastic but when my B.Sc. supervisor Dr. Bikash Chandra Singh introduced me to this area, I start to feel. Making me more dedicated and enthusiastic. 
Dear professor last couple of weeks I was tired because I am searching for some intellectual person, whose interest field of research will be similar to me. I think now I am a success. I find a professor as like you. I visited your profile and read some Journal paper that is related to machine learning.
I am so much interested to do my M.Sc. under your supervision. I think it will be a great chance for me and a golden opportunity to improve my theoretical and experimental knowledge. Truly speaking I am not good at in this field but I believed that consistency, industry and an experienced supervisor as like you can bring success.
I look forward to your positive response
Cover letter :
I have just finished my B.Sc(Bachelor of Science) from Islamic University, Bangladesh. My major was Information & Communication Technology.
I am so much enthusiastic about new technology to learn. Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, Data Science etcetera is my interested field. Actually, I wasn’t enthusiastic but when my B.Sc. supervisor Dr. Bikash Chandra Singh introduced me to this area, I start to feel. Making me more dedicated and enthusiastic. 
In the last couple of months, I am searching for some Industries, whose interest field of work will be similar to mine. I have found an industry like DeepDataScience. They may provide me an opportunity to work with them. I think it will be a  great chance for me and a golden opportunity to improve my theoretical and experimental knowledge. Truly speaking I am not good at this field but I believed that consistency, industry, and an experienced environment can bring success.
Course: Blockchain
I’m a student from Bangladesh and want to learn Blockchain. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship (3350Tk or about $40 per month). In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn Blockchain technology. I want to complete the Introduction to blockchain. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out, security, Artificial intelligence, Machine learning and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)
Course: Data Science and AI
The course will help me study in Data science and AI that help me work an industrial research or educational research to earn money. I'll always participate in the discussion forms and help others with my knowledge. I will meet deadlines and will not hesitate to ask if there's something I don't understand The certificate would be a valuable thing for me because it'll help me get better job opportunities and start my career as fast as possible. It'll show that I'm a hard worker and self-learner also that I'm very active. I want to add to my CV in the future. Then I want to complete the data science Specialization on Coursera . I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I will share my information to help other to learn and work to earn money. I hope that you give me the chance. And finally I really thank you.
Course: Machine Learning
The course will help me study in Data science, ML enginnering and AI that help me work an industrial research or educational research to earn money. I'll always participate in the discussion forms and help others with my knowledge. I will meet deadlines and will not hesitate to ask if there's something I don't understand The certificate would be a valuable thing for me because it'll help me get better job opportunities and start my career as fast as possible. It'll show that I'm a hard worker and self-learner also that I'm very active. I want to add to my CV in the future. Then I want to complete the Machine learning Specialization on Coursera . I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I will share my information to help other to learn and work to earn money. I hope that you give me the chance. And finally I really thank you.


Course: Block chain
The course will help me study Blockchain that help me work industrial research or educational research to earn money. I'll always participate in the discussion forums and help others with my knowledge. I will meet deadlines and will not hesitate to ask if there's something I don't understand the certificate would be a valuable thing for me because it'll help me get better job opportunities and start my career as fast as possible. It'll show that I'm a hard worker and self-learner also that I'm very active. I want to add to my CV in the future. Then I want to complete the data mining Specialization on Coursera. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I will share my information to help others to learn and work to earn money. I hope that you give me a chance. And finally, I really thank you.

Would you consider using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses?
In Covid-19 pandemic, I have no part time job, i am a student. It's impossible for me to pay through loan.
